POWERSURF EXPLORER LICENSE AGREEMENT
================================================================

You should carefully read the following terms and conditions
before using this software. This software and the accompanying
files are provided without warranty or guarantee of performance.
Because of the various hardware and software environments into
which PowerSurf Explorer may be put, no warrantee of software
reliability is provided. While we attempt to fully test all 
software components, we cannot assume the risk of using this
software and/or any damage it may cause. In all instances, 
PowerSurf Explorer will still attempt to rectify any software
faults that may be found before further client deployment,
but cannot take responsibility for software already deployed
to the client systems.

================================================================

This software itself cannot be resold or used in any profit-
generating activities without the author expressed written
permission.

The user is not allowed to attempt to reverse engineer,
disassemble or decompile this software.

================================================================

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED AS-IS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND/OR FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

THE AUTHOR SHALL NOT BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOU, YOUR
COMPUTER, OR TO ANYONE OR ANYTHING ELSE, THAT MAY RESULT FROM
ITS USE, OR MISUSE. USE IT AT YOUR OWN RISK.

================================================================

Copyright (C) 2006-2007, POWERSURF, All Right Reserved.